Add missing plugin TypoScript (#153)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Exceptions: Documentation/Exceptions/1540246570.rst

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

Is there a problem with the plugin ?
====================================

It happens when a content element of type Plugin is created and then you forget to
choose the specific Plugin from the tab 'Plug-in'

--------------

Occures if you pass the wrong pluginType to
TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Utility\ExtensionUtility::configurePlugin(...)

No Content Object definition found at TypoScript object path "tt_content.list.20
================================================================================

> If your extension is not activated, then you need to activate it.

Reviewer: This is only valid for Standalone instances

Author: What is a standalone instance?

Author: This is called [Legacy Installation](https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/tutorial-getting-started/main/en-us/Installation/LegacyInstallation.html)

Author: No, this error does not depend on TYPO3, but only on the extension.

> If your extension is a general plugin and is not activated, then you need to activate it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your extension is a general plugin, check if it is properly installed (and activated for legacy installations)
and the required TypoScript included.
```

Otherwise proceed as follows.

:file:`tt_content.php` adds the plugin by 

..  code-block:: php

    \TYPO3\CMS\Core\Utility\ExtensionManagementUtility::addPlugin(

However the tt_content TypoScript for the list type is not added if you look into the Active TypoScript
in the backend. 
The extension TypoScript is like this:

..  code-block:: typoscript

    plugin.tx_myextension {

>       controller.action = USER_INT

Reviewer 2: You should state which TYPO3 version you are talking about. Starting with TYPO3 12 there is EXTBASEPLUGIN https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-typoscript/main/en-us/ContentObjects/Extbaseplugin/Index.html...

Author: It is for a general plugin.

>       controller.action = USER_INT

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      controller.action = EXTBASEPLUGIN
```

Solution
--------

> Always add the TypoScript for the tt_content list rendering.

Reviewer 2: the code below does not add TypoScript?

Author: addPlugin modifies $GLOBALS['TCA']['tt_content'] only. 

Only ExtensionManagementUtility::addPItoST43 does it.
Or simply use the code below.  I just mention one solution.

Reviewer 2: I will make a follow up
